LambdaTest integration tile (#1080)
DataDog/integrations-extras: lambdatest/README.md

# LambdatTest integration

## Overview

Easily integrate with LambdaTest and empower your teams to collaborate and test efficiently. LambdaTest is the fastest-growing cloud based testing platform that allows users to run both manual and automated tests on their websites and web apps across 2000+ browsers, browser versions, and operating systems. 

The highly reliable and scalable test execution platform can be used to run both manual and automated tests and supports various automation testing frameworks like Selenium, Cypress, TestCafe, etc.

> With LambdaTest and Datadog integration, you can log bugs with a single click while performing cross-browser testing of your websites (and web apps) from the LambdaTest platform to Datadog. LambdaTest will automatically include details from the testing environment, such as browser version, OS, resolution, comments, along with screenshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the LambdaTest integration, log bugs while performing cross-browser testing of your websites (and web apps) using LambdaTest platform. LambdaTest will automatically include details from the testing environment, such as browser version, OS, resolution, comments, and screenshots in Datadog.
```

Here's all that you can do with LambdaTest:  

> - Live-interactive testing across 2000+ browsers & real machines hosted on cloud-based infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Live-interactive testing across 2000+ browsers and real machines hosted on cloud-based infrastructure.
```

> - An online automation testing grid supports Selenium & Cypress tests with any CI/CD pipeline to help QA teams validate and ship quality builds faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An online automation testing grid supports Selenium and Cypress tests with any CI/CD pipeline to help QA teams validate and ship quality builds faster.
```

> - A next-gen developer-friendly browser that helps to build well-performing & responsive websites on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A next-gen developer-friendly browser that helps to build well-performing and responsive websites with speed.
```

- 100+ integrations with third-party tools for project management, communication, codeless automation, CI/CD, and more.
- Help is always available with 24/7 chat support.
- Lifetime free access to the platform with 100 free automation testing minutes.

## Setup

> All configuration happens on Lambdatest Dashboard. Find details on how to set it up in the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration Documentation][3]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All configuration happens on Lambdatest Dashboard. Find details on how to set it up in the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration Documentation][1]
```

Author: This integration does not submit any service checks, metrics or logs.

> All configuration happens on Lambdatest Dashboard. Find details on how to set it up in the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration Documentation][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All configuration happens on the Lambdatest Dashboard. See the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration][1] setup documentation.
```

### Configuration

> Here’s how you can track incidents in DataDog with LambdaTest

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here’s how you can track incidents in Datadog with LambdaTest:
```

> 1. Login to your LambdaTest account.

Reviewer: A link here to the login site would be helpful

> 1. Login to your LambdaTest account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your LambdaTest account on the LambdaTest website.
```

2. Select settings from the menu bar.
3. Click on integrations under settings.

> 4. To integrate DataDog, click on install next to Push to DataDog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To integrate Datadog, click on install next to Push to Datadog.
```

> 5. You’ll be asked to enter Datadog API and application key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter your [Datadog API and application key][2].
```

> 6. You will then receive a confirmation email for the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. A confirmation email is sent. Confirm the integration in the email.
```

> 7. Once DataDog is integrated with your LambdaTest account, you can start logging bugs with just one click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once Datadog is integrated with your LambdaTest account, start logging bugs and performing cross-browser testing.
```

## Support

For support or feature requests, contact LambdaTest on the following channels:

Email: support@lambdatest.com
Phone: +1-(866)-430-7087
Visit: https://www.lambdatest.com/ 

> [1]: https://www.lambdatest.com/support/docs/datadog-integration/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://www.lambdatest.com/support/docs/datadog-integration/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/
```

> # LambdatTest integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LambdaTest integration
```

Author: Updated

## Overview

Integrate with LambdaTest and empower your teams to collaborate and test efficiently. LambdaTest is a cloud based testing platform that allows users to run both manual and automated tests on their websites and web apps across 2000+ browsers, browser versions, and operating systems.

LambdaTest supports manual and various automation testing frameworks like Selenium, Cypress, TestCafe, etc.

> With the LambdaTest integration, log bugs while performing cross-browser testing of your websites (and web apps) using LambdaTest platform. LambdaTest will automatically include details from the testing environment, such as browser version, OS, resolution, comments, and screenshots in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the LambdaTest integration, log bugs while performing cross-browser testing of your websites (and web apps) using LambdaTest platform. LambdaTest automatically includes details from the testing environment, such as browser version, OS, resolution, comments, and screenshots in Datadog.
```

Author: Updated

Here's all that you can do with LambdaTest:  

- Live-interactive testing across 2000+ browsers and real machines hosted on cloud-based infrastructure.
- An online automation testing grid supports Selenium and Cypress tests with any CI/CD pipeline to help QA teams validate and ship quality builds faster.
- A next-gen developer-friendly browser that helps to build well-performing and responsive websites with speed.
- 100+ integrations with third-party tools for project management, communication, codeless automation, CI/CD, and more.
- Help is always available with 24/7 chat support.
- Lifetime free access to the platform with 100 free automation testing minutes.

## Setup

> All configuration happens on the Lambdatest Dashboard. See the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration][1] setup documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All configuration happens on the LambdaTest Dashboard. See the [LambdaTest-Datadog integration][1] setup documentation.
```

Author: Updated

### Configuration

> Here’s how you can track incidents in Datadog with LambdaTest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here’s how you can track incidents in Datadog with LambdaTest:
```

Author: Updated
